added draft of Interactivity file (#31)
aFuzzyBear/astro-ui: docs/XElement/sarahEdits/Interactivity.md

# Client Side Interactivity

> `XElement` allows you to write your own client-side code in Astro for an HTML element, in either JavaScript or TypeScript. This code is packaged as independent, async `<script type="modules">` modules which are scoped to the element in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XElement allows you to write your own client-side code in Astro to enhance HTML elements, using either JavaScript or TypeScript. This code is packaged as independent, async `<script type="modules">` modules which are scoped directly to the element in question.
```

> This non-blocking, asyncrhonous approach allows the DOM and all of its contents to be loaded first, then the JS is executed last. Each `XElement` is rendered at build time, and the page has a fast time to interactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This non-blocking, asynchronous approach allows the DOM and all of its contents to be loaded first, then the JS is executed last. Each `XElement` is rendered at build time, and the page has perhaps one of the fastest fast time to interactivity as a result of our methods.
```
